Your race determines your genetic make-up.
Some races are genetically predisposed to being stronger, sturdier,
more intelligent, more sensitive to light, etc. than other races.
In addition, different races are physically different from others,
having different limbs and other types of body parts.
In real life, you had no choice.  You were born human.  In the Nightmare
reality, you do get a choice.  Your choice should be based on your
style of playing?  Do you want a magical character?  Or do you
want to play the game by brute force?  Or perhaps deception or
skullduggery?

What do you prefer to explore?  Do you like dark, enclosed areas? Or do
you like well lit castles or the open outdoors?

Do you wish to have humanoid limbs which can be easily equipped?  Or
are you interested in the advantages of having different limbs which
might allow you to wield more than two weapons at a time but are not
so easily equipped?

All these questions face you now.  Whatever choice you make, so long
as it fits the style in which you like to play, will be rewarding.
There is neither a best pick nor a worst pick.  There is only what is
best or worst for your style.

Towards that end, here are some clues:
Intelligence and wisdom make the best magic users.
Strength and constitution make the best fighters.
Dexterity and charisma make the best roguish types.

Each race has its own help file.  For example, to find out about humans,
type "help human".

Type 'read list' to see the selection while in the setter room.

=== RIFTS EARTH RACES ===

The following 46 races are available on AetherMUD.  OCC eligibility is noted.
Type "help <race>" for details.  Spaces in race names: use underscore.
Example: help dog boy

  SDC Races (OCC eligible):
    human          elf            dwarf          goblin
    orc            troll          ogre           kankoran
    coyle          bearman        ratling        changeling
    algor frost giant  jotan      nimro fire giant  titan
    rahu-man       equinoid       pogtal         conservator

  SDC Races (NOT OCC eligible):
    burster        mind melter    cs psi-stalker  dog boy
    basilisk       bogie          brownie
    common faerie  common pixie   frost pixie     green wood faerie
    night-elves faerie  silver bells faerie  tree sprite  water sprite

  MDC Races (NOT OCC eligible):
    gargoyle       gurgoyle
    werewolf       werebear       weretiger
    secondary vampire  wild vampire
    fire dragon    ice dragon     great horned dragon  thunder lizard dragon

See also: occs, help (topic index)
